{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Hello,\
Thank you for taking the time to consider my application. I recently moved to Portland from San Francisco to be close with family, and am in the process of looking for new local tech opportunities. \
\
In my current job I work remotely as a Senior UX designer for Ask.com, where I\'92ve performed various user experience duties on a broad assortment of company initiatives over the last four years. Through my work experience I have gained a strong ability to develop product and guide their development. During my formal education I studied numerous design disciplines, including web design, front-end programming, graphic design, and digital media production. Continued education is extremely important to me, because of my insatiable fascination with technology for it\'92s ability to empower creativity. I learn fast, love to collaborate, and take care to mentor and teach others when working in a team environment. I deliver tested product concepts using the latest web design standards and UI architecture concepts, and am comfortable working directly with front end code. My day to day routine supports a feverish work ethic, taking care to be detail oriented while understanding the implications small design  choices have on a holistic user experience.\
\
This is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to my career and passion for design. If this sounds like a good fit, I would love to have opportunity to discuss my experiences further and look forward to speaking with you soon.\
\
-Russell Matsuo}